hey guys i'm gonna show you how to
defriend your doll pic okay first if you
have one of these players playing that's
the best but if you just like put one on
your hands will not work you can but if
you have this this is the back where
it's steady and slow um just cover our
eyes from this the water between her
eyes you can get ruined so just bring it
all over your head I'm not coming around
well well after you're done in it still
a go Charlie brush it flip it might be
wet for a little while don't try to
cheer me with the haters this move it
works away from your overall because of
the dolls we don't have as much
realistic time this is one area
okay so after that and if you feel after
feel so soft and after that
you also want to but I'm not gonna do it
right now I think I look just like them
part two down tell me up in my family
there's Tommy I'm coming too don't ruin
any trouble if you also wanna carry it
all better because you all didn't yes it
was official really digging it Podesta
battle he can be a little king
so if you think it works great for you
to comment on today you can get what I
sure didn't work for you just tell me on
the comments thank you for watching ah